Improve schema explanations - Closes #1236 (#1320)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/introduction/modules.adoc

The asset schema defines the *custom data structure of the transaction*.

> It defines which properties are required in the transaction asset, and also which data types are to expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defines which properties are required in the transaction asset, and also which data types are to be expected.
```
